<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_r5c_5d4_pp">
    <title>Running slidinator in OT command line</title>
    <shortdesc>This topic describes how to run slidinator from the OT command line. Use this as a
        basis to enable the plugin in any OT-based tool.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
            <ol id="ol_mry_r24_pp">
                <li>Create a PowerPoint document that will be the base for the slides. This can be
                    an empty slide set but you may want to keep the title slide as a
                    placeholder.</li>
                <li>Install and integrate the plugin to a DITA-OT instance.</li>
                <li>Prepare your DITA source and assemble into a map. </li>
            </ol>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>The plugin creates one slide for each topic. For best results, your content should be
                either unordered or ordered lists.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to the DITA-OT directory and double-click <cmdname>startcmd</cmdname> for
                    your system.</cmd>
                <stepresult>
                    <p>This opens a command window with a DITA-OT prompt.</p>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enter the example command at the prompt to start the transform.</cmd>
                <stepxmp>
                    <screen>DITA-OT1.7.5 > ant -f build.xml -Dtranstype pptx 
-Dargs.input <filepath><varname>path_to_input.ditamap</varname></filepath>
-Doutput.dir <filepath><varname>path_to_output_dir</varname></filepath> 
-Dargs.slidinator.base.pptx <filepath><varname>path_to_base_powerpoint.pptx</varname></filepath></screen>
                </stepxmp>
                <stepresult>
                    <p>The transform runs and you should see a message that states
                            <systemoutput>Build successful</systemoutput>.</p>
                </stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Fix the resulting pptx file.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_czb_km4_pp">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Add or update the title slide.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Fix font size for slides running off the page.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Fix image slides and transparency.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Add images that were dropped.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Save the updated PPTX.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>
            <p>You now have a basic presentation.</p>
        </result>
        <postreq>
            <p>Add any transitions or other effects you want for your presentation.</p>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
